♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here ♪
♪ We changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know if
this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer
but we keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't never gonna stop
until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say
that it's impossible ♪
♪ Stronger together,
we'll turn it into probable ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows
we'll be shining, uh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause we KO
every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise till
I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
Endorsi:
Yes! My plan worked.
♪♪
[ Groans ]
Hold it!
What do you think you're doing?
[ Chuckles ]
Once upon a time, long ago,
there was a little girl
who arrived at the home
of several fallen nobles.
Wait,
what's going on?
Endorsi!
They were the least prominent
of the 10 great families.
In order to produce
a Princess of Jahad,
they adopted many talented girls
and made them compete
against one another.
What? You mean...
Their meals
for the day were determined
by how they placed
during their training.
High ranks were served
luxurious, full-course dinners
while low ranks
received cold, stale bread.
Every day
while gnawing on her bread,
the little girl desperately
wished she could get a taste
of the meals that she knew
her sisters were eating.
But then...
...from a certain day forward,
she was able to enjoy everything
and eat all the food herself.
She lived happily ever after.
[ Giggles ]
What is she talking about?
You dummy.
You still don't get it, huh?
The point is that history
repeats itself.
Gather all the fishermen
in one place
and wait to see
how the Ranker acts?
Did you really fall
for that nonsense?
But Endorsi...
Oh, stop. There's no need
for you to look sad.
You're spoiling
that adorable face of yours.
Cheonhwa:
Was this your plan all along?
Your goal is to take out
all the Team B's fishermen?
Only four out of the six
fishermen candidates
can pass
the position test.
So if we drop out,
then that would mean --
Remember that little mistake
I made during the last test?
I only want to guarantee
that I'll pass this time around.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Whimpering ]
[ Grunts ]
If you don't want to die,
I would suggest that
you never turn your back on me.
How awful.
Aah!
[ Grunts ]
This is what it means
to climb the tower.
Hey, I want you
to distract her.
Huh?
And while you're doing that,
I'll finish her off.
These are the kind of things
you'll have to do in order
to climb the tower
with Rachel.
You should go to her.
That is, if you think
you can truly handle it.
Go on.
[ Water dripping ]
[ Grunts ]
I go along with your plan.
Huh?
I'll stop the Ranker's
movements.
You use your spears to finish
him off from the shadows.
Huh?
I'm saying
I'm going to help you. Go!
Aah! Okay!
Okay!
[ Sighs ]
Here he comes.
♪♪
Serena: Let's meet up with Hatz
and the others.
We need to buy
as much time as possible.
So let's go. Uh...
Huh?
Oh, great.
Don't go wandering off
on your own.
[ Snoring ]
Oh, hello there.
Good morning, Rak.
That red turtle's
in a really murderous mood.
Why is he so angry?
Didn't he beat
the blue turtle?
No, he was defeated,
the poor Ranker.
Aah!
[ Grunting ]
Bam: Please don't do this!
Endorsi:
You're still here?
What are you doing?
We're on the same team.
That was just
a random assignment.
We're still competing against
each other in the position test.
Yeah, but I thought...
Besides that,
these losers should've
given up a lot sooner.
Clearly, these guys
are much weaker than I am.
But have you forgotten?
You know what it's like.
Huh?
When you were little,
when you didn't get
to eat nice meals?
All you wanted
was to become stronger.
[ Grunts ]
[ Whimpering ]
Spare me!
[ Grunts ]
I've long forgotten
the taste of that stale bread.
Endorsi...
You mustn't be afraid
to hurt others.
What you're doing
is just so wrong!
It doesn't matter
if it's wrong.
It's what you have to do
to get what you want.
Look out!
You underestimated me,
Princess of Jahad.
Narumada ignition!
Hatz: If he really wanted to,
he could kill me instantly.
I've got to take a chance when
he's still messing with me.
[ Grunts ]
Huh?
[ Chuckles ]
Are you luring me over here
just so you
can hide in the dark?
That's rather gutsy.
Hatz: I hate to do it, but I'll
let them have the glory.
Aah!
[ Grunting ]
Now, it has nothing to do
with being gutsy.
You're just too stupid
to run, huh?
Hatz:
From the day I was born,
these hands have trained
to hold onto a sword.
And once they grab on,
you're done.
Now! Spear bearer
revolutionaries!
Huh?
[ Grunts ]
No way.
Come on,
don't disappoint me.
Did they run?
Des: There's no way
that shitty Samurai
can catch
a Ranker by himself.
Running is the best thing.
Parakewl,
you're unbelievable.
Mm?
Unbelievably smart!
Right?
[ Both laugh ]
Huh?
Quant: Now I'm pissed.
You're a team of traitors.
Your death
won't be pleasant.
[ Coughing ]
How is this possible?
You have an ignition weapon?
Bam!
-Michelle.
-Huh?
I'm here because I'd like
to talk to you about Bam.
Michelle: Uh, who told you
about Bam?
So you and Bam
do know each other then?
I received a letter.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Gasps ]
It said if I got rid of you,
Bam would go, too.
Man:
Wait, what just happened?
What the heck
is going on here?
Is the redhead
pissed off again?
Wait, they're doing okay,
right?
Team B doing fine,
right, guys?
Right, Khun?
Oh, wait,
he's pulling a Laure.
Lero-Ro: But Director,
this is an emergency.
Even so,
the test can't be stopped.
Why?
Huh?
What is it, silent man?
Bam, are you gonna
be okay?
So you're...
working together?
I can't do it.
Huh?
I won't betray anyone or
trick people to climb the tower.
I don't want Rachel
to do that either.
Which means
that I have to --
You have to protect her.
Oh, come on!
That's not
what Rachel wants.
How come you can't
understand that?
I do understand that.
But still,
I won't hide my feelings.
I can't help myself.
Even if she shuns me
or hates me,
I'm going to
protect Rachel.
[ Sighs ]
Great.
[ Grunts ]
[ Gasps ]
Playtime is over now.
♪♪
Bam: Rachel.
If Bam notices
your lighthouse has gone out,
he'll come
looking for you.
This is the only way.
I must climb the tower
by myself,
no matter what.
You understand, don't you?
Hmm?
I mean, you also --
Quant:
Tell that idiot to buzz off.
Huh?
What are you doing here?
Shut up,
you stupid troublemaker.
Why aren't you
pursuing our "It"?
I told you to shut up.
Damn it.
I think he actually
might have a point there.
Who's he?
Who are you talking about?
Shut up!
Just put down
the knife already.
What is this?
Something's not right.
What is going on here?
[ Gasps ]
What's going on?
Don't make me
even angrier.
Okay.
You better stop ignoring me
and quit
chasing that brat around.
I just need --
I just need to do it!
I have got to kill her!
Piece of shit.
[ Gasps ]
Bam: Rachel!
♪♪
[ Panting ]
Hoh, stop.
What are you doing?
Damn it.
Why is this happening?
Was I deceived?
Was it...
Was it wrong?
Was it all a setup?
Why would you
hurt Rachel?
Shut up!
Hurry up and capture
the Ranker, you monster!
Do it now or she dies.
You know, this mess,
all of it is your fault!
You shouldn't have shown off
your power!
[ Gasps ]
I said hurry up.
Don't underestimate me.
But Hoh!
Silence!
Please.
Seriously, you punk?
You really think
you can fight me?
♪♪
Yeah, whatever.
Bam: My body.
You can't move, can ya?
It's because I poured Shinsu
into your body.
You're immobilized.
Now, if I do
the same thing to him,
then you'll have time
to save the girl.
Just copy me
if you don't like it.
I need to go catch
your "It."
You go do something
about the other.
♪♪
Let me go!
Stop it!
[ Gasps ]
[ Groans ]
Huh?
No! Rachel!
[ Gasps ]
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
[ Shuddering ]
He actually copied
a Ranker's technique.
That's amazing.
Rachel, wake up, please.
Bam...
why did...you follow me?
I told you not to come.
I...
What?!
Huh?
Rachel. Rachel!
♪♪
[ Scoffs ]
Why?
Why did you do this to her?
Isn't it obvious?
It was to stop you.
You were following her
to the tower, weren't you?
[ Gasps ]
Who told you that?
If you were
out of the picture
than I can
climb the tower.
Except...
it chose you.
Well, what do you know?
But Hoh...
It's all over now.
Was this the only way?
I thought
we were friends.
♪♪
[ Chuckles ]
[ Laughs ]
Friends, huh?
What, are you talking about
that dumb list?
All I did was sign
a scrap of paper.
I really believed
you were my friend.
You're so naive.
That's just an excuse
that the powerful use.
I lost everyone
that was important to me.
Every one of them died
before I came here.
I don't have near the strength
that you or Laure do.
I can't fight back
against those who are stronger.
The thing is,
strength always wins.
I couldn't protect anyone.
I let them die.
I don't have....
I have nothing.
[ Grunts ]
Hoh?
So, I wasn't trying to
kill her
so it would be possible for me
to climb the tower.
No, not at all.
It's because...
...I hated you, Bam.
No, don't!
Idiot!
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Hoh! No!
Hoh!
What is going on?
Tell me what the hell
happened here!
Please don't die, Hoh.
[ Crying ]
Hoh.
Hoh!
He's already dead.
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
Why?
Why is this happening?
Why?!
You don't have to cry
any tears for a traitor.
The test is still --
Endorsi: Oh, look.
I knew something
like this would happen.
Endorsi?
Well, I wasn't necessarily
expecting a happy ending.
You came to capture me instead
of heading toward the exit.
You're pretty together.
Wouldn't you agree
this is more interesting?
I'm already guaranteed
to pass.
That sword,
isn't it Cheonhwa's?
So what?
I have to explain myself
to you?
Well, whatever you're thinking
is probably correct.
You see --
Then why did a traitor just
casually show up here?
Casually?
Everyone has to compete
in the test
until the end,
you idiot.
How dare you?!
Calm down, woman.
You need to
think things through.
If you don't hurry,
she's gonna die.
Do you want there to be
even more casualties?
Don't worry about that.
I'm gonna end this soon anyway.
Oh, hey, wait a sec.
Huh?
Bam.
Honestly, I've never really
been able to understand
what you think
is so great about her,
but I found someone I want
to climb the tower with, too.
Not that we're
especially close.
Actually, we don't
even get along,
but I removed some obstacles
because I didn't want
that person to drop out.
It's the only way I know
how to do things.
Take my advice --
do things your way, too.
What do you mean?
If you keep passing the tests,
please know
you'll experience more pain,
just like you did today.
People can't have everything,
after all.
The day always comes
when they lose something.
Just make sure to keep moving
forward so you don't regret it.
You got that?
♪♪
Thanks for waiting.
I don't mind waiting for people
who are gutsy.
Burn this image
into your eyes.
I'm a Princess of Jahad.
Because eventually
you won't be able
to even look me in the eye.
Who cares about eventually?
I'm a test administrator.
In here, I'm like a god.
Okay, let's begin.
So, where's your badge?
Right here.
Huh?
That's ridiculous.
Well, it isn't
something to show off!
An ignition weapon?
If you don't try harder,
you'll die.
Don't blame me
if you cry, Princess.
[ Grunts ]
Huh?
He's already got
that technique mastered?
Impressive.
Is this the answer
you've chosen?
That's fine.
I'd be happy to take the points.
Don't expect me
to go easy on you.
Okay, fine, but your Shinsu
is limited, isn't it?
I think you're finished.
Don't underestimate me.
I'll finish you in a second.
Serena:
The world is so unfair, Hoh.
They happily looked
the other way
when things
were taken from us,
but when it was our turn
to take, they just blocked us.
[ Grunts ]
But now
that I think about it,
I guess I've never
fought like that before.
I always come up with
an excuse.
I can honestly say I've never
risked my life for anything.
I always regret things
once they're taken from me.
[ Panting ]
It's past time for you
to hand over
that badge of yours,
Ranker.
You're short a breath there,
Princess.
Do it now, Bam!
Whatever the outcome,
I wonder what
would have happened
if I'd stood up
to them just once.
Maybe I never stood a chance
at winning in my life anyway.
[ Gasps ]
But if I had faced them,
I have a feeling
my heart wouldn't feel
so empty right now.
I'm sorry, Princess.
[ Panting ]
Serena: But the road you were
running on keeps on going.
You can't do anything
if you're not alive.
You could have been
a great man.
Huh?
Uh...
[ Chuckles ]
I can't believe I actually
stole the princess's heart.
I'm such a player.
[ Laughs ]
What are you fantasizing about
while holding on to my panties,
you dirty old Ranker?
Huh?
[ Giggles ]
Aah!
My badge is here, see?
And your badge is also...
right here.
[ Groans ]
Han: The test is over.
Team B wins.
You'll be notified of the
test results tomorrow morning.
Silent man?!
♪♪
[ Panting ]
Shibisu: Team B won?
What? No way.
-How?
-I can't believe it.
Hmm?
Huh.
♪♪
♪ Where you going? ♪
♪ It's hard to keep up ♪
♪ You're moving so fast,
leaving me behind ♪
♪ Gimme an hour,
that's all I need ♪
♪ It's now or never,
I'm running out of time ♪
♪ The seconds are relentless ♪
♪ I'm helpless as
they keep flying by ♪
♪ Stuck here in the desert ♪
♪ I feel like I'm
in an hourglass ♪
♪ Maybe I can stay and be
comfortable living in the past ♪
♪ But I don't wanna be alone so
can you take me to you now ♪
♪ Too fast, I try to follow but
I'm losing hope ♪
♪ We used to walk together down
this winding road ♪
♪ But you're so far ahead it
seems impossible to catch up ♪
♪ And now I'm walking on my way,
all alone, I'm feeling so cold ♪
♪ Not getting anywhere,
I feel like I'm in slow mode ♪
♪ Used to be a winner ♪
♪ Everything was all
black and white ♪
♪ Now I'm bottom of the pile,
a dusty photo ♪
♪ I'm afraid I'm gonna be left
stranded by myself ♪
♪ All the foolish dreams I had
inside of me are broken ♪
♪ Everything I wanted in the
distance out of reach ♪
♪ Am I the only one that's gon'
stay here forgotten, ey ♪
♪♪